added short guideline to genome parameter (#20)
nf-core/hgtseq: docs/usage.md

### `--genome`

> The user must specify the genome of interest. A list of genomes is available in the pipeline under the folder conf/igenomes.config, that contains illumina iGenomes reference file paths. This follows [nf-core guidelines](https://nf-co.re/usage/reference_genomes) for reference managements, and sets all necessary parameters (like fasta, gtf, bwa). The user is recommended to primarily use the _genome_ parameter, and can follow instructions at [this](https://nf-co.re/usage/reference_genomes#adding-paths-to-a-config-file) page to add genomes not currently included in the repository. All parameters set automatically as a consequence, though hidden, can be accessed by the user at command like should they wish a finer control.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user must specify the genome of interest. A list of genomes is available in the pipeline under the folder conf/igenomes.config, that contains illumina iGenomes reference file paths. This follows [nf-core guidelines](https://nf-co.re/usage/reference_genomes) for reference management, and sets all necessary parameters (like fasta, gtf, bwa). The user is recommended to primarily use the _genome_ parameter, and can follow instructions at [this](https://nf-co.re/usage/reference_genomes#adding-paths-to-a-config-file) page to add genomes not currently included in the repository. All parameters set automatically as a consequence, though hidden, can be accessed by the user at command line should they wish a finer control.
```
